A Photovoltaic array collects Solar Energy as roof collects rainwater.
A construction of Photovoltaic panels is called a photovoltaic array as a construction of roofing sheets is called a roof.
A heat pump can form an air loop as  a water pump can form a water loop.
Exhaust outlet is part of the ventilation system as Hot water pipe is part of a domestic hot water system
The boiler is part of a domestic hot water system as flow sensor control is part of the flow system.
Hot water pipe is part of a domestic hot water system as flow sensor control is part of the flow system.
Solar Energy is stored in a battery as as waste water is stored in a septic tank.
Chilling Plant provides chilled water as the boiler provides hot water.
Outdoor fans is contained in cooling towers as switches is contained in a circuit
Heat pump is used to capture heat as photovoltaic panels capture solar energy.
A switch controls the lighting system as daylight control regulates natural lighting.
daylight control regulates natural lighting as Ventilators are used to regulate humidity.
the amount of light falling on a surface is termed illuminance as the amount of water on a surface is termed surface condensation.
The emergency assistance alarm is activated by a pull cord as Pull cords are used to control blinds.
Automatic fire detection triggers the fire alarm as smoke dectectors trigger the smoke alarm
Electricty use is measured by the electric meter as gas use is measured by a gas meter.
Pull cords are used to control blinds as switches as used to control lighting
Ventilators are used to regulate humidity as the thermostats reglates temperature.
Energy is measured in KWH as CO2 is measured in PPM
floor is a horizontal surface as wall is a vertical surface
smoke dectectors trigger the smoke alarm as heat triggers the thermostart.
flow sensor control is part of the flow system as Exhaust outlet is part of the ventilation system.
room is a type of space as door is a type of fitting
HVAC comprises the ventilation system
room is a type of space in a building as window is an opening on a wall .
supply air setpoint is the supply fan
supply air setpoint is the background ventilators
thermostatic control to interrupt the electrical supply at setpoint.
external walls are constructed with brickwork and also external walls are constructed with blockwork
external walls are constructed with blockwork
floors are secured by connections to walls as external walls are constructed with brickwork
roofs are secured by connections to walls as external walls are constructed with blockwork
Fire damper is part of a duct as ceiling is part of the building
Appliance ventilation duct delivers combustion air to a gas appliance
A space enclosed by elements of a building is called cavity as the amount of light falling on a surface is termed illuminance
ceiling is part of the roof as boiler is part of a domestic hot water system
Boiler room is a type of fire hazard as solar panel is a type of specified attachment
Switch gear room is a type of fire hazard as solar panel is a type of specified attachment
Suspended ceiling increases fire resistance as fire damper resists the spread of fire.
solar panel is a type of roof attachment as Boiler room is a type of fire hazard
balcony is a type of wing attachment as  Switch gear room is a type of fire hazard
A flat is a premise constructed for residential purposes as work unit is a work place for residents
work unit is a work place for residents as balcony is a type of wing attachment
fire damper resists the spread of fire as smoke dectectors trigger the smoke alarm
a storey exit is the final exit from a builing as Fire fighting lift is used for fighting fire 
thermoplastic material is used for rooflights as Fire fighting lift is used for fighting fire 
A load bearing wall is a element of construction as room is a type of space in a building
A floor is a element of structure as room is a type of space in a building
Fire doorset is used for fire resistance as Fire fighting lift is used for fighting fire 
Fire fighting lift is used for fighting fire as plasterboard is used to construct walls
room is a type of space as Boiler room is a type of fire hazard
caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking as adhesive is used for joining
beam is used to support a load as caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking
circuit breaker prevents excess electric current as thermostats regulate temperature
plasterboard is used to construct walls as beam is used to support a load
a purlin is used to provide additional support as beam is used to support a load 
a purlin is used to provide additional support as plasterboard is used to construct walls
caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking as a purlin us used to provide additional support
rafter is made with wood as wall is made from block
underpinning strenghtens foundations as beam is used to support a load
underpinning strenghtens foundations as caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking
plasterboard is used to construct walls as underpinning strenghtens foundations
rafter is made with wood as beam is used to support a load
rafter is made with wood as purlin us used to provide additional support
caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking as rafter is made with wood
Joists are connected horizontally to beams as wall is a vertical surface.
joists are joined veritically to columns as floor is a horizontal surface.
Fire doorset is a fire damper as the smoke alarm is a smoke damper
beam is used to support a load as caulked sealant is used to prevent cracking
joists are joined veritically to columns as Joists are connected horizontally to beams
Solar Energy is stored in a battery as as exhaust is emmits waste water
